# Entry 2
# Economics

### Content
* sysysy
#### I completed my FP synthesize Part A that has information about software and hardware for economists, I also completed my Part B that tells my own opinions of how to solve issues by hardware and software that economists are facing. My 1st google search for FP synthesize Part A (Software): “Economics software” and 1st website I looked into: [Gretl](https://gretl.sourceforge.net/). Used by mainly econometrics and public. This website is an open-source statistical package, mainly for econometrics. This website have translated version into French, Turkish, Japanese, etc of themselves for people who don't speak in English. It is free, open-source software, and time-series library. Integrated powerful scripting language (known as hansl), with a wide range of programming tools and matrix operations. Clear, specific, and doesn't take a long time. 2nd website for software: [Matlab](https://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab.html). Used my students, public, and econometrics. Used by public and economists. It have get support. MATLAB can be used with a lot, academic, different, and significant stuff. One of the Capabilities of this website is all building. Last or 3rd website for software:  [IBM](https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/XBZ7DOJM). This website have pricing plans, similar products, popular features, resources, and pricing plans. My FP synthesize Part A (Hardware): [Apple M2 chip](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTaIyectOULM1gbVwQHqXN7Q5QzveLXssz5lSkL7nQVA&s). It is used by economists. It also have the M2 chip is powerful enough for demanding data analysis, presentations, organization, statistics, strategy, finance, studies, write strategy, marketing plans, read and write articles, prepare presentations, make analyses. To write a marketing or sales plan, you do quantitative and qualitative research. 2nd hardware that I found is [Lenovo ThinkPad E15 Gen 2 Home & Business Laptop](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71hwpV5oXsL._AC_UF894,1000_QL80_.jpg). It is used by economists and businessmen or businesswomen. Powerful Performance with AMD Ryzen 5 4500U Hexa Core】 4th Gen AMD Ryzen 5 4500U 2.3GHz Processor (upto 4 GHz, 8MB Cache, 6-Cores) ; AMD Radeon Integrated Graphics.【High Speed and Multitasking】 16GB DDR4 RAM (8GB Onboard + 8GB SODIMM); 65W Power Supply, 3-Cell 45 WHr Battery; Silver Color. Enormous Storage】 512GB PCIe NVMe SSD; USB 3.2 Gen1, 1 USB 2.0, 1 HDMI, USB 3.2 Type-C Gen1, No Optical Drive,Fingerprint,Backlit, Headphone/Microphone Combo Jack., Windows 10 Pro-64., 1 Year Manufacturer warranty from GreatPriceTech (Professionally upgraded by GreatPriceTech) Includes Dockstar USB Hub(Special Edition Portable Docztorm Data Hub;Super Speedy Data Syn Rate upto 5Gbps) 3rd hardware I found is [Acer Chromebook Spin 314 Convertible Laptop](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51soQu6K+FL.jpg) It is sed by public and economists. Chromebook runs on Chrome OS - An operating system by Google that is built for the way we live today. It updates automatically, boots up in seconds and continues to stay fast over time. (Internet connection is required).Control method:touch. All the Google apps you know and love come standard on every Chromebook, which means you can edit, download, and convert Microsoft Office files in Google Docs, Sheets and Slides.Get access to more than 2 million Android apps from Google Play to learn and do more. Chromebooks come with built-in storage for offline access to your most important files and an additional 100GB of Google Drive space to ensure that all of your files are backed up automatically. Intel Pentium Silver N6000 Processor (Up to 3.3GHz) | Intel UHD Graphics. 14.0" HD (1366 x 768) LED-backlit TFT LCD Corning Gorilla Glass Display with Multi-Touch and USI Stylus Compatible | 4GB LPDDR4X On-Board Memory | 128GB eMMC. Intel Wireless Wi-Fi 6 AX201 802.11ax Dual-Band 2.4GHz and 5GHz featuring 2x2 MU-MIMO technology | Bluetooth 5.1 | DTS Audio with Two Built-in Face-Up Stereo Speakers. - USB Type C port supporting USB 3.2 Gen 1 (up to 5 Gbps), DisplayPort over USB-C, USB Charging, DC-in | 2 - USB 3.2 Gen 1 ports | 1 - HDMI Port. OceanGlass Touchpad | Up to 10 hours of battery life | Chrome OS





